# cmustudent-repository
This is my public porfolio for the Telling Stories with Data course in Carnegie Mellon University

# About me
My name is Ankita Bhatnagar and my pronouns are she/her. I am a second-year MSIT (focus on Business Intelligence and Data Analytics) student at Heinz College, Carnegie Mellon University. This is my fifth semester, and I have learned so much in these past 1.5 years. I am super excited about Telling Stories with Data course along with the other two minis I have enrolled for. I work full time with Capgemini as a Business Intelligence Manager. I am pursuing a fully online MSIT at Carnegie Mellon and this program works for me perfectly.
During my 12 years of professional experience at Multi-National Companies like Accenture and Capgemini, I have worked on multiple projects in both India and the USA. I have analyzed and proposed solutions to several Business processes and implemented error-free software. I have a blend of both technical and leadership skills which I am sure will be productive to this course and act as a foundation to my curriculum. Working in India and the United States has taught me to value the background and experiences of each person.
I come from a land of richness and a country that beliefs in ‘unity in diversity’. In today’s world of a competitive market which has adopted the approach to global business solutions, I will have a lot to contribute to the mixed crowd of students from different cultures, values, thoughts, and economics. Throughout my life, I have had a diverse range of academics, work, and life experiences. I grew up in an environment of close-knit family ties in a small town called Rawatbhata, India. My father has been my inspiration throughout my life.

# What I hope to learn
I hope to learn techniques used by storytellers, documentarians, and artists to communicate findings about a dataset or situation. This course is an opportunity for me to brush up my sketching skills and also improve them. I hope to be able to evaluate and critique presentations and visuals created by others. I aim to learn techniques for finding a story in data, building data analysis skills. I expect to learn technique focused creation of sketches that tell data-driven stories with a rich set of digital and non-digital tools, online and offline. I also hope to learn how vizualization can be used to explore and discover features that often hide behind the data. A good part of this course will include various charts, plots, sequential narratives, treds and outliers, that seem exciting. 

# Portfolio
Here's where I plan on adding data visualizations that I will learn throughout the course and visual that I create in the future.
